Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon.
Truly, we're so blessed to have you all pray with us every single time we do these videos.
We were so excited, Braden.
We got the report and it said we're number five because of you all coming and praying with us—of the most viewed, most watched Christian channels on YouTube.
Yeah, I told D, I go, "Are you kidding me?
Top five.
We're in the top five.
" Praise God.
Oh, glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
I said, "Lord, look what you've done in just a short amount of time.
" He said, "Brandon, there's much more to come.
There's much more to come, son.
As you stay vertical, as you stay focused, as you attract to deflect, it's all about Jesus.
" But in this, I want to celebrate a milestone of being in the top five most watched Christian channels on YouTube.
Look what God did.
It just wows us.
He wows us, but you all supporting it so much.
I think above us was Steven Furtick and T.
D.
Jakes and another channel I've never heard of before.
It's amazing because we know those people have huge channels with millions of followers.
And the Lord said, "It isn't about how many are following you, son.
It's about how many are coming and watching every single day and praying.
" How many are praying?
We've got some praying people out there.
Not subscribers, prayers.
Yeah, we're not looking for subscribers; we're looking for many people to enlist in the army of God.
That's what we're after, and it's just exciting.
Most people go, "Well, you're bragging.
" I know it's not about me.
If you knew how incapable I am of doing these videos...
People say, "Well, you're good behind the camera.
" I said, "If you knew before, I was scared spitless to come on here and talk in front of that camera.
" And I told Diana, every single time we did it, we did it over and over again, practicing and just saying, "Lord, use whatever you can.
If you can use anybody, Lord, you can use me.
" I mean, seriously, it's amazing what the Lord has done.
And I'm just so thankful that you would come on and watch with us every single time we do a video, stick around, watch it, and believe in the gifting that God's put inside of me.
It's just exciting.
So that was part of it, you know, just saying thank you.
Thank you.
God bless every single one of you.
Thank you for watching.
So, I want to talk to you all about what I saw in our last prayer video.
And I didn't go over this from the last one about the pews of fire.
And folks, it's time to get excited.
The glorious church without spot or wrinkle.
I'm telling you, I saw wooden pews.
And it was the same church the Lord showed me, and the bell towers.
Remember He said, "I'm giving one last call.
" And I saw the bells beginning to ring, one last alarm, one last call again.
He showed this to me over and over again, but I saw the same church this time, and I could see through the church.
And as I was looking through this beautiful church, it was in an old country area again.
It was like an old Pentecostal country church in a rural area.
And I could see the podium there, and there was a man of fire behind it.
Then I looked at the pews, and they were the old wooden pews made out of oak.
And I could see individual fires that were sitting on the pews.
They were these massive fireballs, but they were small for the kids and they were large for the adults.
And as I looked into this church, the pews were full of fire, but each individual fire was there.
And I was like, "Oh.
" And I wanted to stop and just look at it, but every single fire was a different color.
There were blue fires and red fires and all kinds of really cool fires, but they were all focused at the big fire on the stage where the pastor was preaching, which caused fires in the pews.
The Lord said, "I want you to see what's on the front porch.
" And I saw a field full of babies that were crying, and some of them had sailor outfits on—like those old baby sailor outfits with the anchor on them and the red bow tie, or a red thing around their neck.
And they were all crying.
And the Lord spoke to me and He said, "The babies are coming.
I want you to be very patient with My babies.
For once, you were a baby and you needed patience.
You needed to have extra care, for there are many babies that are about to come to the church.
" He said, "Brandon, don't be hasty with them.
Don't be cranky.
Be patient and walk in love towards them, for you were once a baby, too.
" And He warned me about the babies.
He said, "The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Just treat the babies that are coming with care, for there are a lot of babies.
" He said, "Disciple them.
Disciple the babies, for there's going to be a lot of them.
Don't be mean to them.
Be patient.
" And I saw elderly women—which I know this was not all elderly women—but they had the old '50s clothes on, they had the old '50s hair.
They looked like Leave It to Beaver moms.
Wow.
And they were taking care of the babies dressed up like little Leave It to Beavers.
Now, I thought that was interesting because it was like an old '50s style in this vision.
But I saw their hair was all that old '50s hair with the old '50s clothes.
And they were loving on these babies outside, and they were like mothers.
And the Lord showed me, "There'll be many mothers that are there to help love these new babies, for you'll have to be like a mother to them.
" And I saw spiritual mothers rising up, spiritual parents to help take care of these babies, because you need a Leave It to Beaver mama to nurture them, a nurturing mother.
I thought it was interesting because that's the '50s mom, like Leave It to Beaver kind of people, or those old '50s shows.
But it's just amazing because that's the way the Lord was painting this to me: we must take care of these babies and disciple them.
So that was part of the vision that I saw, and the storm going on outside.
The babies were crying, and God said, "Bring them in and just love on them.
" And so, it really blessed me, and that's why I kept that out.
The Holy Spirit—I told Braden, I said, "That needs to be at the front of the video, what the Lord was telling us about the babies that are coming, because it doesn't need to be buried.
" There are a lot of times there's so much there that the Lord is giving us that it's an hour-long video, and there are a lot of you who don't hear that part, but this was so important that we set this apart.
Another part of the vision that I saw in the previous video, I saw massive boat anchor chains.
They were huge, like you would see on a massive ship.
They were thick, thick chains, and they were stretching clear into the soil of the earth in Tulsa, and they were going straight up into heaven.
But there was no end to the chain; I couldn't see where it ended, and I couldn't see where it began.
Both ends were pulled so tight in the vision, but there was a chain in Tulsa.
I saw one in the Branson area, I saw one in the Kansas City area, and I saw one in Fort Worth.
And these chains were pulled tight, and they were pulling the earth, but the chains were gold, like a transparent gold.
This beautiful gold, like you've never seen before—maybe in a cartoon, but never in real life.
This was the most beautiful gold.
But the gold was sparkling with the glory and it was being pulled, and you could actually see the torque from the earth pulling up like when you're pulling something out of the earth, like tree roots or something.
You could see the dirt being pulled up on the sides of this massive chain, and it was going straight into the heavens.
And I could see the grass, and I could see the dirt, and all of the stress of the earth where it was being pulled.
Now, I don't know what that means, but I believe it has something to do with the end-time glory.
And there was a pull there.
And I kept hearing Jacob's ladder and portals of glory pulled tight, with no slack in the chain at all—portals of glory.
And I'm telling you, when the Lord showed me again about the major revival that's about to take place in Branson, Missouri, Tulsa, and Fort Worth, Texas, and all these areas—those are just some of the areas that the Lord is showing me.
It doesn't mean those are the only areas.
I want to let you know there's going to be many places where the outpouring is going to be, but this is where the Lord showed me at this particular time.
So, I just thought it was amazing what the Lord was showing me about this.
So, now, after I go over all those things and I saw the glory—I saw the fall time again, I keep seeing the fall.
There's something about the fall.
It's time to rest it all.
There's going to be an outpouring.
There are things starting to kick off, folks.
When we go into this Rosh Hashanah, this major holy day, a transfer, there's something happening.
He started talking to me about being ankle deep, knee deep, waist deep, over the head.
And I'm telling you, folks, what we're about to see, we're not even—we're just barely in the shadow.
We're just at the shallows of it.
We just slipped our feet in there.
We're just kind of tiptoeing around.
We got our toes in there, and we're like splashing around with our Holy Ghost toes.
But what God's about to do, we're going to go clear to the bottom of the massive well that He has for us with no limitation.
Yes.
There's no limitation for what the Lord has in store for us.
And I'm telling you, it's time to believe God like you've never believed Him before.
For there's Holy Ghost fire in the pews, and I'm telling you all, it's all hands on deck.
'All ye that are heavy laden, I will give you rest.
' Who's hungry?
Who's thirsty for the next outpouring?
And I'm telling you, folks, He's just looking for a yielded one to say, 'Father, here am I, send me.
' There's no one going to be any greater than—well, you know, He's branding this.
I'm telling you, folks, it's not about platform.
It's about yieldedness.
It's about obedience.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm looking for the people who think they have such big platforms.
' He said, 'The reason why they've stayed there so long and they've not increased in the glory is because I look at the heart of obedience.
I reward the obedient, just like you do when your child is obedient and they are good kids and they do what you tell them to do.
You say, "Pull out the trash, do these things," and then they do things without you even asking.
You're like, "Oh, buddy, you're going to get blessed today.
I want to take you to go get an ice cream or something fun.
" You know, you just want to reward your kids.
' And God is a God of rewards.
And He is going to abundantly supply in these last days, not just finances, but ladies and gentlemen, He's going to pour out His Spirit upon all flesh.
And you're going to see some of the greatest things you've ever seen.
It's going to be, you know, from what I've seen coming.
And I keep saying that over and over, but I keep getting glimpses of it when I'm praying.
And the Lord keeps telling me, 'Brandon, do you understand?
It's more than just the finances.
It's more.
It's the whole man: spirit, soul, and body.
' Just like Oral Roberts says, 'I'm here to minister to the whole man: spirit, soul, and body.
' He wants us free in every area of our life.
Not, 'Well, you know, you've got money, but you're depressed,' or, 'Well, you're whole, but you're broke.
I don't have any sickness in my body, and I'm thankful for it, Lord, but you're broke.
' He's like, 'I want to do over and above all that you dare ask or think according to the power that worketh in you.
' What do you believe Me for?
Will you believe Me for big today?
Will you believe Me for the impossible?
What was impossible will become possible.
I'm going to take what you thought would be something that you'd be bound by your whole life, and it's going to be set-free time.
I'm telling you, there's an expiration date to everything you're believing for.
And it's time to believe God for big in these last days.
Yes, I say a lot of heavy words, and I tell you a lot of warnings, and that's where I'm going next.
But I wanted to give you something good to munch on while you're about to eat something a little sour because of what He showed me.
But I just have to tell you, I tell you everything, and I'm just bold about it.
But I'm not worried about it.
I'm looking up, for my redemption draws nigh.
But I want to tell you, there are hard times ahead for some folks because they're not looking.
Now, let's go into praying over Don Jr.
, okay, and all that the Lord showed us.
So, the Lord showed me the White House, and I could see demonic witchcraft all over Washington, D.
C.
—a heavy, thick witchcraft trying to settle in over the White House, over President Trump's health.
We must pray for President Trump's health, for I saw an attack trying to give him a stroke because of all the pressure, all the demonic worry, and all the stress trying to affect his immune system, trying to affect him with so much stress that he would have a heart attack or a stroke.
And the Lord said, 'Pray over his heart for the circulation of the blood flowing through his veins, for there's an attack against his veins.
' And I saw his arteries in his neck and in his head trying to affect him, to take him out through demonic pressure.
It's heavy, this Antichrist agenda.
So I saw it all swirling above the White House, and it looked like the clouds in a portal turning like a hurricane above it.
There were purples and blacks and dark colors that were circling like a hurricane above, and it was turning and turning all above.
And I could see it; it stretched clear into the Atlantic Ocean.
And I could see it over the Capitol; I could see it over where Congress, the judges, and all of it was.
It was trying to come in over Washington, D.
C.
But inside of the White House were these lights, and there was light inside the home, and it looked like there was peace inside the house.
As there was a storm brewing outside, there was light on the inside.
And the Lord said, 'Focus on the light.
Look at the light, son.
' And I could see a light inside the White House.
There was a storm brewing on the outside, but there was light on the inside.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for him more.
' Then I saw, Qasem Soleimani, I saw generals on oil-based paintings and frames that were really beautiful frames.
But as—and I'll describe this as, if you remember the movie Back to the Future, as he was making the decision and he was singing on the stage and he was playing Johnny B.
Goode and his brothers and sisters on the photo were fading away.
Remember how they were fading away?
If you've watched the movie—I know it's an old movie—but it was fading away.
And this is the way these photos looked.
I could see these Iranian generals and they were fading away, and below this picture was fire, and it was consuming.
And I said, "They're in hell," and I could see the fire burning these men, for they looked like spirits.
They looked like ghosts, and as the fire was burning the pictures, they said, "We want revenge.
We want revenge.
" And I saw their generals in a line in the photos, and they were burning.
And in the photos, these people were fading away, and they were burning in hell.
And the Lord showed me Don Jr.
, and he became a photo, and the fire was trying to eat him.
And the Lord said, "You must intercede for Don Jr.
, for there's an attempt coming on his life.
" I want to say this again.
You must intercede for Don Jr.
, for there is an attempt coming on his life.
For they say, "If we cannot get to Trump, we will take out his son in revenge of what he did to our generals.
" So I saw a plan and a plot to shoot and assassinate Don Jr.
to take him out.
I saw him in a tuxedo with a white shirt with black stud buttons.
It was a cover, like one of those pleated-looking shirts, nice ones, a tuxedo-looking shirt, and he was dressed up for something nice.
I saw President Kennedy, and the Lord said, "The Kennedy curse.
" I saw the Cuban missile crisis.
God said, "Pay attention to Cuba.
" And I could see Cuba again, and I could see missiles, and I could see things pointed at the United States of America.
And the Lord showed me Kennedy with Donald Trump and what's going to happen, a plan with the kids.
But I want to tell you this ahead of time.
The Lord said to say this before, "What will you do as watchmen on this channel to intercede in behalf of Trump's children?
What will we do to stop these plans, for this is an attempt?
You must stop the plans.
You must bring this before the people in prayer and cover his family in prayer.
Cover his heart, for this is not God's will.
This is an enemy attack.
" And the Lord said, "After you've seen all this, what are you going to do about it?
What are you going to do about this?
" I thought, "Well, we'll raise up a standard.
We'll pray.
" When the enemy tries to come in, the Spirit of the Lord raises a standard against him.
I believe that's why we're here, ladies and gentlemen, is to pray these things down.
So, I saw Don Jr.
walking out.
I don't know where it was, but I saw flashing lights like photography, like the paparazzi, wherever he was.
I could see the flashes of light on his face.
It was like people were taking pictures of him, and all of a sudden, I saw these other people—like he was surrounded by other people in this event—and all of a sudden, he was shot right here in his chest, and I saw a bloodstain on that white shirt start to spread like a half-dollar size, and I kept hearing the word "AK-47.
" I kept hearing a loud noise, and he was gone.
It was one shot.
Then I went to President Trump, and I could see him weeping because of what had happened, and he was in so much stress and travail.
He was bent over, travailing, weeping because of his son being taken out, so upset, like anybody would be if their child was murdered.
I saw him travailing and crying.
When I start seeing that vision again, I could see the funeral, and he could barely walk.
He was grieving so bad.
He could barely walk; he was stumbling, and they had to help hold him up as he was weeping over his son's life being taken.
I could see Barron.
He was wearing a black suit with a white shirt and a black tie, similar to what he wore on the inauguration.
And then I could see Melania, and she had a black hat on.
She had a black veil on her face that you could see through, like a net, but it was very classy-looking, and it was over her face, and she had black sunglasses on and a black dress on, and it had a little white on its side, and she was trying to support Trump as he was walking to the funeral.
And I could see the other children there, but it was mainly those three in the vision that were very clear.
Ivanka was there.
I could see Ivanka, and she was crying, too, and she had a hat on.
But the church looked like the church where they went before the inauguration.
It looked like that church they went to for prayer, like at the cathedral.
It looked like that exact place.
That's where they were having this funeral.
And that's when the Lord said, "What are you going to do about it?
What are you going to do to stop it?
Are you going to pray?
Are you going to intercede for this man?
" So that's what I bring to you, these things that are very heavy.
Now, part two of this vision, I saw New York City on fire.
I saw fires all throughout New York City.
I could see the Statue of Liberty, and there was smoke rolling all around the atmosphere above the Statue of Liberty.
Even at her neck level, there was fire and smoke from inside the city, and I could see burning.
But I saw a mass exodus of all the rich people leaving New York because of the decisions that will be made in the future.
I saw—the Lord said, "The seed is the ballot, for when they vote a wrong person in power, they vote corruption in power, and the seeds they sow for the corruption, Brandon, brings forth a reprobate mind in the city, a reprobate mind in the city, for seedtime and harvest never ceases.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
" He said, "There's a time to live, and there's a time to die.
There's a time to sow, and there's a time to reap, a time to plant, and a time to harvest.
" But he kept going over things and telling me this is because they sow this way.
So I saw all the rich people leaving.
I saw a mass—hundreds of thousands of people were leaving New York City in this vision.
And the Lord showed me David Wilkerson's face, and he said, "Remember what he said.
Go look at what he said.
I gave a word to him.
" And I was like, "David Wilkerson?
I have not even thought about David Wilkerson since I was a kid.
" I mean, you know, it's not one that I listen to.
But the Lord said, "I spoke a warning through David Wilkerson, a prophetic warning years ago.
Go study it and find it.
" One of you amazing prayer warriors said, "Hey, Brandon told Diana through email, this is the word that David Wilkerson gave.
" Now, I want you to hear this prophetic word from David Wilkerson.
We have it, and we're going to play it for you.
And I want you to hear what he prophesied would come as people vote in the wrong people.
"I stood in this pulpit a few weeks ago, and it took every bit of Holy Ghost courage He could give me to say what I had to say.
But I have felt this for weeks.
I believe that New York City is in for 30 days of chastisement such as America's never seen in any American city.
I see at least a thousand fires burning in every borough.
Every business that's on the brink right now, deciding whether to move out of the city, will move.
There's a hemorrhage already.
The economic base is collapsing.
We're a third world city already.
I don't care what Mayor Dinkins says, it's a third world city.
We have a murder every hour on the hour now.
Major crime every 20 seconds.
This is murder city.
And I believe that we're going to see such chaos and anarchy in New York City coming.
I don't know when, but I don't think it's too far off.
And I don't know what's going to set it off.
There'll be no planes, trains, anything coming in this city for probably two weeks.
And all those who have money and are able will escape.
And New York City, our crown city, because of its absolute rebellion against God, its absolute sinfulness and wickedness, is going to be chastised.
" And this is God.
He could have sent hydrogen bombs from Russia before this society collapsed and wiped us off the map.
But no, He gives us warnings.
He slaps our wrist and says, "Look, I'm talking to you.
" And that's what AIDS is.
It's a message.
All of these calamities, they're messages.
And God's saying, "Wake up.
" So that was the word.
And I feel like when I heard that word, I said, "That's exactly what I saw.
I saw thousands of fires burning inside New York.
I saw a mass exodus of people leaving New York, but it became a ruinous heap.
There was judgment set in.
" I'm telling you, folks, it was bad.
I'm talking people were leaving New York City again, and I saw them going south.
They were like, "We're out of here.
" The Lord spoke to me and He said, "Mystery Babylon is coming.
Mystery Babylon is coming.
" And that probably is controversial to a lot of people because there are a lot of people who believe that Rome is Mystery Babylon.
You have all these other places.
But the Lord spoke to me specifically about New York, and He said, "It's coming.
" And I'm telling you, folks, when I get these words like this and they're that heavy, I just pray over them.
And that's why I wasn't quick to make a video, because I'm just like, "Whoa.
" You know, this is heavy.
I walked away after it was over.
I told Diana, I said, "I have to just process that a little bit.
" Everything the Lord's showing me about the fires burning up New York, about all these things happening, and just warning you to pray over President Trump's health because the enemy has a plan, but God has a greater plan.
And we have power and authority over the enemy.
And I saw Gavin Newsom's times coming up short.
I saw former President Biden getting ready to go home soon, and so I saw him being buried and I saw him going because, of course, he's old.
So, it's not like it's a shocker.
Right.
That's a prophetic confirmation if he goes home tomorrow.
Everybody's going to go home, right?
But the Lord said, "It's coming.
" And as we see these things, He spoke to me more about the line, all these things that are happening with him signing the Genesis bill and all these things.
Folks, we're in the end of the end here.
The beast system's coming into play, all these major things.
I told you to watch, and it's happening right before our faces.
And I'm just encouraged because I know that Jesus Christ has chosen us for such a time as this.
And there are good days ahead for the body of Christ, folks.
We're going to see the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord like we've never seen before.
And I'm just thankful for every single one of you.
Like I say over and over again, thank you for joining us every single time we pray, because many hands make light work.
So we pray over Trump and his kids, because if they can't get to him, they try to get to what he loves the most: his grandkids, his kids.
And I'm telling you, folks, these people are wanting revenge for their leaders in Iran.
There's an enemy within.
And we must pray for an uncovering, for a pulling back, for turning on the light, exposing the cockroaches that are in our nation.
And there are some cockroaches up in here.
And I saw the darkness over Israel also.
So I thought that was interesting.
It was over America, and I saw it over Israel.
And the Lord said, "End-time events are happening.
End-time events are happening.
" And I just thought it was interesting, y'all, because as I was praying over Benjamin Netanyahu and him making the decision, as Syria is a ruinous heap, all these major events are coming.
Ezekiel 38 and 39 are coming.
We're going to see a peace accord.
We're going to see all these things.
It's coming.
Jesus Christ is coming.
We're seeing earthquakes, and I think Russia had like four or five major earthquakes yesterday: a 7.
4, 6.
6, and 6.
6.
It was crazy numbers.
And I thought that was kind of interesting.
6.
6, 6.
3—three times is what I saw.
I thought, "That's not a coincidence: 666, 666.
" I mean, I was like, "That's not a coincidence.
That's creepy.
" And I was like, "Well, you know, whatever.
It's interesting, folks.
" The signs of the times of where we are in these end times, it's all around us.
But, people, are you looking?
Are you watching?
Do you feel that urgency inside of you that Jesus Christ is coming?
As a believing believer, do you have that urgency inside of you, that you know we're on the cusp of something?
We're right there, folks, where the waterfall is happening.
The end-time outpouring, the manifestation of the finances.
You see it with certain investments, and the Lord's showing in certain investments they're starting to happen a little bit.
You see it, it's starting to happen.
Something's happening, and you go, "Wow, it's exciting.
" It's exciting because we know what's coming next: the glory cloud.
So, we pray this video blessed y'all today.
I didn't have a lot of time to pray today.
We just came from our church, and we got home really late.
So, I told Diana, I said I was going to do a livestream tonight, but we didn't do it.
I told her, "I want to get this out there so the people can pray.
" So, I just thought this would be a blessing, maybe, for some of you.
It's going to be a little bit shorter, but it's still a video for you.
But we're excited to be here.
We're excited that you're here.
And so, we pray that—we'll say a little prayer for you.
Father, I just thank You, Lord, for every single one of them.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the people who've taken the time to watch this video.
I bless them in the name of Jesus.
We call them healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, for great days ahead of them.
We thank You, Lord, that this is the beginning of something amazing that's coming.
And Lord, we're expecting demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
As we go from glory to glory, He's changing us.
And Lord, we call healings over their bodies, deliverances.
We thank You, Lord, that this is the time like never before that we will see the sower and the reaper go hand in hand.
Father, this is the time that we're going to see exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Lord, this is the time for the greatest outpouring of finances.
Father, I thank You for demonstrations and healings in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Well, we pray it blessed you.
I know that was a lot, and I've held it for a couple of days now, but since we got home so late, I thought, "Well, I wanted to do something.
" So, if you could like the video, subscribe to this channel.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army for the end times.
And we're getting closer and closer all the time.
We're excited.
Even the other channels—China Channel, all of them—are growing, and we give all the glory to God.
If you could subscribe, click the notification bell, click the like button, the thumbs up, do all the things it helps us to do to get in the algorithm.
Say something nice down below, all the things.
And we'll see you again soon.
Yes.
Do you want to tell them bye?
Oh, bye.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.